How to handle the multiple aws account 
what is aws organization 
suppose i have an object in one account in s3 a how i will copy the content to the B account storage.
when we run kubectl apply -f deployment what will happen 
what is aws auto scaling 
how to set up jenkins master and slave configuration 
what is diff between state file and tf.var
what is modules in terraform
How to create kuebenertes secrets for an service account
How to create IAM role to service account
what is release strageris and branching stragey
diff between git fecth and git pull 
how to resolve git conflict 
what are auto scaling policies 
what is aws lambda and step functions 
how to copy s3 data via cross acount 
how to set up cross account roles in AWS tell step by step 
Suppose if you got an error permission denied while copying date in s3 what will tod do troubleshoot
what is s3 storage what are different type of storages
what is IRSA
EXPLAIN k8 arch


Introduce yourself?
How the Ansible roles are using in your organization?
After deployment in Production, how will get to know that everything is working fine or not?
How the Deployments steps will be there in production? like Developer will test or QA team will be signoff first or?
How the CICD has Implemented ?
what is the Deployment strategy you are following currently?
How the Canary depployment is Advantageous compared to rolling method Deployments? and which is more accurate?
what is your experience with Terraform and how you are handling terraform projects?
How the appliactions has been deployed in Argocd? app of apps or application set?
how the argocd has been Implemented?
where the state files will be stored in terraform?
Did you implement any VPC peering in the same cloud or onsite to public cloud peering?
I heard that, in AWS everything we need to allow to connect via security group, even though in the same VPC? Do you think it is Dis advantage compared to Azure?
in AWS there will be more down time, is that true? compared to Azure?
Tell me about your experience with terraform?


K8s ---
Explain your current project and your activities in it.
K8s Architecture.
How do you upgrage k8s cluster.
Pod Affinity and Node Affinity.
HPA & VPA.

GitHub Actions ---
What is GitHub Actions Matrix strategy.
How caching works in Github Actions.
what is Stale branch.

AWS ---
ACM
CloudTrail
CloudFront
CloudFormation.
Cloud watch & how do you create a custom metric in AWS CloudWatch.
How do you login to the ec2 instance if you've lost the .pem key?
Public and Private Subnet, what makes it public and private??
Where does NATGateway reside. 


How do you give access to the user for a namespace in kubernetes cluster  ---> Role, ClusterRole, Cluster role binding
What is ingress and why are you using istio ?
Explain me the three tier architecture
What are the types of services and explain each
What is custom resource definition
What are the kubernetes resources you know
What is the role of container runtime and which runtime do you use and why?
What is reverse proxy
What is traffic mirroring in istio