1. tell me something about yourself 
2. what is the function in aws lambda 
3. tell me types of routing policies in route 53 
4. what is the difference between terraform and CloudFront 
5. why we use terraform import command  	
6. explain how CNI works in Kubernetes 
7. can i know how many exp you have in monitoring and logging 
8. lets have a scenario you are experiencing high CPU utilization on your ec2 instances how would you use CloudWatch to troubleshoot this issue.
9. how would you setup Prometheus to monitor a custom application that you've developed 
10. you need to create a Grafana alert to notify you when the CPU utilization of a specific ec2 instance exceeds 90% how would you configure the alert 
11. how do you approach troubleshooting a vpc-related issue ? Describe your systematic approach including gathering information analyzing logs and using troubleshooting tools.
12. how do you troubleshoot subnet issues such as insufficient ip addresses or overlapping CIDR Block 
13 your company has multiple vpc for different teams or environments how would you manage and optimize there vpc 
14.what is rds in aws, your rds database is under heavy load stating to degrade in performance, what your option to scale the database handle the increased load 
15.you need to implement a complete ci/cd pipeline for an application hosted on aws using aws services what tool and services would you choose why 
16. what is the recent problem you have to resolve with respect to eks 
17. How do you ensure the quality and reliability of a CI/CD pipeline, and what metrics do you use to track that ?
	* Automated Testing at Every Stage
	* Rollback Mechanism
	* Automating everything
	* Testing thoroughly
 	* Monitoring proactively
	* Measuring key metrics
	* Deploying safely

Tools That Help Track & Enforce Quality
CI/CD Tools: Jenkins, GitHub Actions, GitLab CI, Azure DevOps

Code Quality: SonarQube, CodeClimate

Monitoring: Prometheus, Grafana, ELK Stack

Alerting: PagerDuty, Opsgenie

Testing Frameworks: JUnit, PyTest, Selenium, Cypress





1) What are your day to day activities as a DevOps engineer?
2) What kind of automations have you done?
3) Will you support on call if given an opportunity?
4) Tell some issues you have faced in production and how have you solved?
5) Have you performed RCA of any production issues?
6) Explain the entire process of CICD?
7) Explain some steps where you have mitigated the cost of your applications?
8) Have you enabled any monitoring metrics in your project?
9) Explain the complete architecture of your project?
10) What are the best security measures implemented in your project?
11) Steps to make your containers more secure
12) real time challenges in docker
13) Can u explain how can u isolate between the containers.
14) date | echo "today is" what is the output of this ?
15)How terraform and ansible works together in a real time project and how repository looks like and how ansible manages and communicate with those resources created by terraform and how the dynamic inventory works for different environments\
16)What challenges do you face in deploying CI/CD pipelines across multi-cloud environments, and how do you solve them?
17) How do you connect a public EC2 instance to a private server?
18) What strategies do you use to optimize pipeline execution time in large-scale applications?
19)Explain the importance of idempotency in Ansible playbooks.
20) Input :
   pandas 1.2.3 pypi
   numpy 1.30.6 pypi
   cherry red 
   write a shell script to fetch the line which has pypi and print the output as shown below 
   output :
	pandas==1.2.3
	numpy==1.30.6
21) Difference between curl and wget ?
22) Explain the master/slave configuaration in jenkins ?
23) What happens if the master is failed, how can you run the jobs ?







